what's up YouTube you know this is
Lannister boy get it coming back at
y'all again with another fragrance and
view this time on deck for y'all I have
diesel zero plus so let's jump right
into it at the top we got orange nutmeg
a nice bergamot and cardamom
five men we have cinnamon violet jasmine
Lily LaValley
and rose and flower base we have amber
patchouli musk and heliotrope now how
does it smell
now when this frege's first opens up on
your skin is smells exactly like Johnson
& Johnson baby powder on and after
smelling even again for about the first
half an hour two hour of this fragrance
now after that the fragrance the powder
kind of evens out and it start to make
way for some sweetness and the sweetness
in this fragrance mixed with that light
powdery scent it really lacks character
and depth and is actually a bit annoying
because it lingers for a good while and
then and when it's fragrance eventually
dries down or you still get that same
faint part of your smell with some
sweetness oh there's the light vanilla
that comes through and some musk and
that's your dry down on this fragrance
here to me is definitely our you
definitely can tell this is one of our
diesels earlier offers and is destined
to me know representation of the
fragrances that they have on either and
a bit more popular which is a diesel
fuel for life and also only the brave
those are two fragrances that I feel are
definitely good fragrances but this one
him either telex was an early work from
diesel and this one it was just trying
to find a way and try to find our
identity in fragrance market um so as
far as this from that's getting to the
performance at his friend's projections
now for the first half an hour this
fragrance when you've got that Johnson &
Johnson baby pot smell going on on your
skin it still something is about average
somebody will still have to kind of be
having a conversation which you would
smell it may be shaking hands and
meeting somebody that you know it's
somebody that you see they can smell you
after that they sit extremely tight to
the skin at this time somebody would
have to be hugging you or maybe coming
with
you to smell this phrase for my
longevity I was I'm getting about five
to six hours on this fragrance and my
recommended age for diesel zero plus I
was saying high school only any college
and up there a lot better fragrances to
choose from so I think high schools can
put herself and but once the high
schoolers you know who's fairly one
that's into fragrances once their nose
you know stuff to smell other things
then I put this one down eventually also
now these are zero plus how does it
match it for my scale is this a god to
get a goddess nymph or gotta skip and
unfortunately diesel 0 plus in my
opinion is like goddess kill so if you
see the fragrance and your local balding
Benz
do yourself a favor we're going to
opposite direction it should boy I'm
getting one signing off peace